Add temporal instruction to use UC Volume (#14665)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/getting-started/databricks-trial/index.mdx

mlflow.set_tracking_uri("databricks")
```

{/* TODO: Remove the UC Volume instruction below once the dbfs issue in Lighthouse is fixed. */}
Now you are ready to go! Let's try starting an MLflow experiment and log some dummy metrics and view it in the UI.

> Firstly, you need to create a Unity Catalog Volume `test.mlflow.check-databricks-connection` by following [this guide](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/volumes/utility-commands#create-a-volume).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a Unity Catalog Volume `test.mlflow.check-databricks-connection` by following [this guide](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/volumes/utility-commands#create-a-volume).
```

nit
